what's going on everybody welcome back
to another episode of what the oh no
after willikers sir what are we gonna do
the making hear her cries she's coming
for us old bat answer me boss yourself
boy and listen we don't need to do
anything for no amount of time will
change our faith and no amount of
planning will control our destiny
there will be no stories told of us
there will be no sons of our victory no
one will know our names hell no one will
remember our faces so if you're looking
for a way out if you're looking for an
escape a way to see another sunrise a
pat the look on another day you shall
not find one here for the only thing
left for us is death
so run to the hills' go hide in the
caves live your life in fear of never
knowing where the demon shall come for
you if you must for I know my death and
I have seen my own demise
and it'll be right here got in this
dwarven shrine I shall stand on the
mother's flame I shall feel the princess
cold breath I shall pierce the demon's
fog into a little storm and oh yes
I shall fight the god of death for when
my strength runs out and I can no longer
fight I will know that death did not
choose me I chose this diet so get a
sword and armor
find a bow and grab a pot for cowardice
and fear are with us no war we have
always been and always be the ones who
may come
you